docs: clarify VS Code-only scope for SDK and extension (#94)
enyst/OpenHands-Tab: packages/agent-sdk-ts/AGENTS.md

## Overview

> > Scope: VS Code Extension only — this SDK is intended to run inside the OpenHands-Tab extension; standalone usage or non‑VS Code API integrations are not supported.

Author: ```suggestion
> Scope: VS Code Extension only — this SDK is intended to run inside VSCode for use of the OpenHands-Tab extension; standalone usage or non‑VS Code API integrations are not in scope.
```

The `@openhands/agent-sdk-ts` package is a complete TypeScript implementation for building AI agents with OpenHands on VSCode. It provides a runtime layer for agent orchestration, LLM integration, tool execution, workspace management, and full protocol type definitions.

> This SDK is intended to be used within the OpenHands-Tab VS Code extension. Standalone usage or integration with non‑VS Code APIs is not supported.

Author: ```suggestion
```
